Xiao Chen, it's still too late to go back now
As long as you lift the dragon tablet
Kneel and kowtow in front of the thirty-third aristocratic family in Qinzhou
I can ask them to withdraw the kill order
Let you find a thread of life
If you wait until the arrival of the Dragon Hall
Even if you hide in the land of buildings, there will be no god dragon
Mr. Su is afraid that he has not yet figured out the situation. First
They don't deserve me to kneel
second
The one from the Dragon Palace has come long ago
And his heart is dead
Xiao Chen, how did you become so unreasonable?
I shouldn't have raised you for nothing these three years
Used to let you idle
Otherwise you wouldn't have become so defiant
To come to this desperate situation today
Su Lingyan, you are wrong.
I have never changed
The person who has changed is you
You gave me a helping hand three years ago
I am moved by your kindness and integrity
I am willing to let go of my glory
Behind you every day
Laundry and cook for you
Although it was a difficult time at that time
But I'm happy.
I never regret it, but what?
As the group grew larger
Your wealth is getting deeper and deeper
You only see profit in your eyes
I have a home every day
Can't get in bed
Do you still take me as your husband? I am for the Su family
A better life for you and me, what about him?
President Su and the inner guard of the Dragon Palace are in love with each other
What's wrong with him pursuing true love?
If you were a man, quit
Don't delay Mr. Su
Mouse in the gutter
How dare you compare with the Nine Heavens Dragon?
Who is the gutter mouse?
Who is the Nine Heavens Dragon?
You will know in a while